falling apart
Oh tray Laura stealing my heart ha
shouting movie make me howl of the moon
this abou I killed it now you so big I
even though you act so far and do such
circle die these are my boobs my
skeleton crew is a little strange so are
you don't you wanna be
samokhin hot do you believe in love at
first sight or should I walk by again
hey you dropped your notebook know who
dude slow down your ear a voodoo doll
and you're holding somebody's stuff if
something happens to you they feel the
pain sorry it's all good
hoodoo ffice just gave me a catastrophic
Lee good idea I just had to come over
and talk to you oh wow
you're perfectly awesome I must be
dreaming
I pinch myself but I wouldn't feel it
right let me just write down my number
for you would you borrow her pen for me
uh okay
the strangest thing just happened felt
like there were thousands of needles
sticking in me yeah me too
there's something mighty fishy going on
round here bingo fishy
how weird is it Toralei and hoodoo are
fanning out who dude borrowed my bite
ology book and hasn't brought it back
yet Toralei
he's been using whoo dudes voodoo power
to torture us all day heals I've got an
idea
you want me to try out for the diving
team this is the best day ever
cool I wanted you to hold on to a
bracelet she's so sweet
do you know where hoodoo is no no I
haven't seen him oh yeah he's up diving
practice for the next three hours
you